Patch 1 (#2)
oceanhackweek/ohw-helpdesk: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Welcome to OceanHackWeek Help Desk Contributing Guide

> Thank you for investing your time in contributing to our project!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for taking the time to learn how to write questions that help us answer them together.
```
